doc(pe): Document policy options (#601)
armory/docs: content/en/docs/plugin-guide/plugin-policy-engine/packages/spinnaker.execution/stages.before/determineTargetServerGroup.md

---
title: "spinnaker.execution.stages.before.determineTargetServerGroup"
linktitle: "determineTargetServerGroup"

> description: "A policy targeting this object is run before executing each task in a determineTargetServerGroup stage."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "A policy targeting this object runs before executing each task in a determineTargetServerGroup stage."
```
